AST-3748 - Fix - Gradient Controller color dots not visible while selecting when Astra active. (#5681)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v4.6.1 (Unreleased)
- Fix: PHP fatal error with "Uncaught Error: Class 'Astra_Builder_Base_Dynamic_CSS' not found" when old header-footer is active.
- Fix: Single Title Area - Featured image not hiding if "Behind" is set for title area layout 1 & "Below" is set for title area layout 2.

> - Fix: Metabox - Gradient colorpicker color selector dots are not visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Block Editor - Gradient color picker bubble items are not visible in draggable state.
```
